-[Rebecca] Shiki!
-Don't try to stop me.
Nothing else matters to me right now.
Not when my friend is crying.
I'm not going to stop you.
I can't forgive him either.
Besides, look at this.
The case has a record of the last
maintenance checkup this model received.
[Happy] "X492."
[gasps] That's our timeline!
[Rebecca] I don't know how,
but that would have to mean Pino
is an android from this timeline's future.
[Rebecca] She came here
to this timeline just like us.
And if Sibir is planning on using her
for some devious purpose,
we can't stay on the sidelines anymore.
And that would mean
Sibir is already messing up the past.
We have to put a stop to him.
[Pino] I have returned, Master Sibir.
[indistinct chatter, laughter]
So, you decided
on coming back to me, yeah?
Payo!
I hear you, quit yapping.
You remember what your job is, don't you?
-I do.
-[Sibir] Good.
[grunts]
When we're finished here,
this town will be mine.
[Weisz] That's a pretty bold claim.
What kind of stunt is he trying to pull?
[gasps softly]
[Sibir] Now, then.
[grunts]
Let's get this started.
[Weisz] The Iron-Legged Foote Brothers.
The Southern Annihilators.
If they're here, then that means
Sibir ain't messing around.
[jaunty music playing]
[engine revving]
Let's go!
[server] Sibir's hideout?
I suppose I do know where it is.
But I promise you're much better
staying away from there.
Trust me, hon.
Come on, you're going too slow.
Let me drive.
Like I'd let you drive
after you crashed our ship earlier.
Just curious,
do we have a plan going into this?
'Cause there's gonna be
a whole lot of enemies.
No matter how many there are,
Shiki can take them.
What?! That plan sucks!
Don't get it twisted. I'm gonna
join the fight if I really have to.
But Shiki's so strong,
they're not gonna know what  hit them.
You leave it to me.
If a friend believes in me,
then anything is possible!
Hmm!
[Shiki] It's time to get Pino back!
[Rebecca and Happy] Yeah!
["Eden Through the Rough"
by Takanori Nishikawa playing]
CLASH! THE SIBIR FAMILY
[Sibir] Now then,
before we get things started,
I still need to find a punishment for you
running away from the mighty Sibir.
[Pino whimpers]
Technically, I did not run away.
A more accurate statement would be
that the case I was in was stolen--
What?!
[Weisz] This is my fault!
[Sibir] I don't want to hear your excuses.
-Maybe I'll rip off your other leg.
-[Pino whimpers]
That way you won't be able to run away
even if you wanted to, you little rat.
-Payo!
-[Pino] Please.
-Not again, please!
-[Sibir] What do you think about that?
Argh!
[Sibir laughs evilly]
[grunts]
[whimpers]
This is what happens
when you try and disobey your master.
I'm sorry, master!
Remember this next time
you think about running away from me.
[Sibir] Now, hold still
and this will only hurt a lot!
[whimpers]
-[blast]
-[groans]
[all] Master Sibir!
[grunts]
[gasps]
Heh.
[subordinate 1] It's that punk, Weisz!
[subordinate 2] Got some nerve
showing your face here, traitor!
[subordinate 3]
Guess you got a death wish, huh?
You are that man from earlier.
Sorry, gentlemen, but since I stole her,
she's technically mine now.
And I'm more than aware
what this little bug is capable of doing.
[grunting]
[Weisz] She's wasted on a brute like you.
[Sibir grunts]
I'm gonna crush you.
[glass shatters]
-What?!
-[gasp]
It's those two again!
You, hand over Pino!
Huh?
-Go get her.
-Right!
[thug] Go get this kid!
[intense music playing]
[Shiki] Ether Gear activate.
Magimech Attack! Gravity Wave!
MAGIMECH ATTACK GRAVITY WAVE
-[blast]
-What the hell?! [groans]
[subordinate] We're getting pulled in!
[screaming]
[yelling]
[grunts]
[groans]
Ugh!
[thudding]
-[groaning]
-[Shiki] Gravity Fist Frenzy!
GRAVITY FIST FRENZY
[groaning]
What the hell?!
-Who is this guy?!
-[Payo screams]
Amazing job, Shiki!
-[engine revs]
-Huh?!
-[Weisz] You guys have fun!
-[Rebecca] Professor!
Um…
I'm still kinda here.
You know that, right?
Happy!
[gasps]
See ya around!
Pino is coming with me now!
[Happy] I'm still here, you know?!
Shiki!
[Shiki] Ah, that lousy Professor Thief!
-[laughs evilly]
-[beep]
[thud]
-[Rebecca yells]
-[Shiki] Watch out!
[loud clang]
Shiki…
Oh no.
[engine powering up]
I'm going to take care of Weisz!
The girl is all yours, Foote Brothers!
Don't let me down!
[both] Hmm.
Shiki!
You're alive, aren't you?!
-Get up!
-[knocks]
Use your power to make this lighter!
Or… something!
[young Foote brother] Your stupid friend
caused quite a bit of damage.
[gasps]
And now we're stuck here,
having to clean up his little mess.
[frightened] Are you with Sibir?
Sure we are, but we're not just
your average lackeys, are we, bro?
Yes, indeed, brother.
[clang]
[gasps]
[young Foote]
We're the infamous Southern Annihilators.
The ultimate duo!
Yes, indeed, bro!
[older Foote] The Iron-Legged…
[clanging]
[both] …Foote Brothers!
-[Rebecca] Shiki!
-[knocking]
If you can hear me down there,
answer me!
I'm surrounded by some weirdos!
[both] Mm.
Hmm.
Oh well, I guess she's never heard of us.
Hey, bro, what should we do?
An iron roundhouse kick.
No, wait, how about a 100,000
speeding iron-legged roundhouse kicks?
[engine rumbling]
[scoffs]
A new Knight Gear model?
Actually, it looks like
an old Knight Gear model.
At least according
to my internal databases!
Yeah, well, it's new for me!
Pardon me, mister.
What?
I have to do the job Master Sibir gave me.
Why do you have to listen
to that jerk, anyway?
-Because I…
-Screw that guy!
You can do whatever you wanna do!
No, screw you!
This bug belongs to me now!
My job…
If I don't do my job then…
[cries] …everyone will--
[Shiki grunting]
Damn it.
Looks like I fell a pretty long way down.
-[sighs] Huh?
-[buzzing]
[screams]
[screaming] It's a bug!
[grunts]
Huh?
[tense music playing]
[trembling]
[atmospheric music plays]
Is that you, Michael?
[grunts] Why?
What are you doing in a place like this?
[gasps]
I forgot…
This is Michael from 50 years ago!
Before he got to Granbell! [sobbing]
I missed you so bad, it hurt!
I'm sorry I couldn't help you!
-[sobbing]
-[faint whirring]
Huh…
My model number is TB-400-02.
Identification code: Johnny.
[Shiki] Johnny?
I apologize.
But I am most likely
not the same bot you are referring to.
You mean you're really not Michael?!
Unfortunately, I am not.
However, it is a common mistake.
After all, we are mass-produced models.
[gasps]
[droning effect expanding]
[somber music playing]
Hey, wait a sec. You're all banged up.
Isn't there a mechanic here to fix you?
There is no chance of being repaired.
This is a scrapyard.
We have all been thrown away.
No, not true. I can still fix you.
-[Shiki grunts]
-[Johnny] What… are you doing?
The hell? It's not working.
That should've done it, right?
[small groan]
[Michael] Shiki, connect that cord there.
-The blue one.
-Good.
[tools clanging]
If you break again,
we'll fix you right up! [giggles]
[poignant music playing]
[tools clanging]
Damn it. What's going on?
In this world,
everyone has their part to play.
You believed yours
was to be the repairman.
But I'm afraid it was all
just one charade.
The other repair system in the castle
did all of our repairs.
[breathing shakily]
Why can't I do it?
[Johnny] Not to worry.
You tried your best.
I'm gonna fix you right up!
Just give me a second!
I see now. You are a kind human.
You are nothing like Master Sibir,
who tortured us for his amusement
and discarded us after we broke.
He did this?
This whole time,
I thought all humans were as evil as he.
But…
-[beep]
-[gasps]
…I was wrong,
because I met a human like you.
Thank you, I won't…
[voice distorting] …forget you.
[powers down]
[poignant music rising]
[gasps]
What happens if you don't do your job?
Maybe we can help.
If I do not obey his orders, Master Sibir
will abuse the other androids.
[grunts]
That's awful.
[blast]
[grunts]
-[explosion]
-[shouts]
[screaming]
[grunts]
[shatters]
[yells]
-[crash]
-[shrieks]
[whimpering]
If that hits me, I'm as good as dead!
Take this!
-[crash]
-[screams] A weapon!
-[brother howls]
-[Rebecca] I need a weapon!
Hmm? Huh?!
-Hi-yah!
-[Rebecca] Gotcha!
An Ether model!
[distant voice] Wow!
Hya--! [gasps]
Hands up, jerk!
-[both] Hold on a second!
-Huh?
-It would appear…
-[grunts]
…that you have the hottest legs
this side of the Sakura Cosmos!
-Huh?
-Your legs are fabulous.
My legs?
Hey, I'll make you a deal and let you go
if you forget this whole thing happened
and then go on a date with me after this.
Yes, indeed!
An iron-legged double date for me!
-[grunting]
-[brothers] Such beauty!
[both] Aah, the perfect legs!
Eat lead, you lousy perverts!
[clanging]
[gasps]
[both] Give us a closer look!
[screams] No!
-[loud blast]
-[metal clanging]
[all] Huh?
[heroic music playing]
You're here!
Aw, come on!
How dare you stand in the way of our love?
[heroic music continues]
[yelling]
Magimech Attack!
[attack cries] Bastard!
Gravity Windmill Kick!
MAGIMECH ATTACK
GRAVITY WINDMILL KICK
[groaning]
[groans]
[trembling]
Impossible!
That guy just took out
the Foote brothers in one hit!
Where's Pino?
She and Weisz went that way!
And Happy is with them as well!
[crackling]
[whooshing]
Wait!
[young Foote brother, stammering]
Excuse me…
-[gasps]
-[groaning]
[young Foote brother] Please.
Let us take a peek!
-Gross.
-[both groaning]
[both] So beautiful!
That's just sad.
[both grunt in frustration]
[Weisz grunting]
[Sibir] Well, well, now's a good time
for us to settle the score.
-Isn't it, Weisz?
-[Happy screams]
[Happy] What do we do? What do we do?
[Weisz] Pino!
Take out that robot with your EMP!
I… I cannot do that.
[grunts]
That would be disobeying Master Sibir.
[Sibir]
Prepare to be blasted into oblivion!
[yelling] He's going to kill us!
Come on, Pino!
[grunts]
[loud explosion]
[gasps]
[blast]
[pained groans]
[gasps]
Shiki!
You dare disrespect me?!
[grunting]
[grunts]
That arm of his! Don't tell me that's--
I gotta hand it to you, kid,
I haven't been this pissed off in a while!
That's funny.
[crackling]
I was going to say the same thing!
-[thud]
-[screams]
[gasping]
[grunts]
[loud thud]
He just used his arm to fly!
That's my fault.
[Weisz] I built him that Augmenter Arm.
You punk! You think you can just
disrespect me and get away with that?!
[whimpers]
Huh?
[screaming] Try and dodge this!
[yelling]
-Shiki!
-[gasps]
[dramatic music playing]
[Shiki] They're not just scraps of metal!
Machines are alive just like us!
[gasps]
[dramatic music continues]
And machines have fears, just like us!
[crying]
-[electricity crackling]
-[Sibir grunts]
Magimech Attack! Gravity Cannon!
[heroic music playing]
[groans]
[screams]
[blast]
MAGIMECH ATTACK
GRAVITY CANYON
[groans] What the hell is this?!
It's so heavy I can't…!
I can't move!
[groans, screams]
-[Happy] You did it!
-[Weisz] Huh.
[Pino gasps]
Payo!
[buzzing]
[grunts]
[gasps]
-[gasps]
-He grabbed him!
[straining]
What's with this thing?
It's way too damn strong!
[grunts]
[evilly] Payo, payo!
-This is bad!
-It's gonna self-destruct!
Shiki!
-[straining]
-[alarm blaring]
-[Weisz] Get back!
-[Happy] What about Shiki?!
[Pino grunts]
-Huh?
-[Happy] Pino?
EMP, activate!
[blast]
[intense music playing]
[screaming]
Payooo!
[loud crash]
[bounce]
[Sibir groans]
You useless scrap metal!
I know that I am a machine.
But I am alive and I am free.
[growls]
[Weisz] You heard her.
[grunts]
-[Sibir] Hey, wait!
-[grunts]
[shrieking]
[loud crash]
-[gun clicks]
-[shrieks]
Looks like the shockwave
from that EMP disabled my gun.
[grunts]
[clattering]
But this will do the job just fine.
-[loud thud]
-[groans]
[pained cries]
Hmm.
[panting]
Happy!
Happy, are you okay?
Oh no, he's dead!
-No, I just turned off again.
-Oh, thank goodness!
You had me worried sick!
-[both laugh, relieved]
-I apologize, Mr. Cat.
-[sighs]
-[Shiki] You okay, Pino?
Huh?
I made it just in time, then.
Whew! What a relief! [laughs]
[poignant music playing]
But Shiki, you have been injured.
Huh? Don't worry. Those two
will just lick my wounds clean later.
-That's so gross!
-More importantly,
Sibir didn't hurt you, did he?
[sighs softly]
I am a machine,
why do you care about my well-being?
You're not just a machine, Pino.
You're also my friend!
[crying softly]
Yeah!
[subordinate]
Princess, we're approaching Planet Norma.
[closing theme music builds]
["VLOG"
by CHiCO with HoneyWorks playing]
THE SKULL FAIRY